README.md, before:

# Swords-Sorcery-Scheduling

## Overview
This is a simple tool I'm building to help me (and anyone else who wants to use it) schedule my TTRPG gaming sessions. Something very simple and user-friendly that will make it easier to figure out when everyone in a gaming group is available to play.

## Description
As a TTRPG enthusiast and D&D nerd, I'll be the first to admit that neither dragons, eldritch gods, nor falling rocks are the biggest threat to an adventuring party. That award goes to scheduling.

Trying to find a time when everyone can play is the most dangerous thing a gaming group can encounter.

## Motivation
As a GM you're responsible for 90% of the work that goes into a TTRPG session, but none of that hard work sees the light of day if you never actually get to run what you've prepared. With everything else you have to do, trying to figure out when everyone can actually get together to play can be incredibly frustrating and exhausting.

As a GM myself, I've experienced this firsthand. My goal with this app is to provide a simple, beautiful, but fool-proof tool to TTRPG players to take the hassle out of scheduling your next game.

## Visual Aid


## Tech Stack
- React (frontend)
- Vite (frontend)
- MaterialUI (frontend)
- Typescript
- Express (backend)
- Supabase/postgres (backend)
- Jest (testing/backend)
- Postman (API/testing)

Commit message:

Created and added the visual aid to the README, and outlined the MVP and Key Features

README.md, after:

# Swords-Sorcery-Scheduling

## Overview
This is a simple tool I'm building to help me (and anyone else who wants to use it) schedule my TTRPG gaming sessions. Something very simple and user-friendly that will make it easier to figure out when everyone in a gaming group is available to play.

## Description
As a TTRPG enthusiast and D&D nerd, I'll be the first to admit that neither dragons, eldritch gods, nor falling rocks are the biggest threat to an adventuring party. That award goes to scheduling.

Trying to find a time when everyone can play is the most dangerous thing a gaming group can encounter.

## Motivation
As a GM you're responsible for 90% of the work that goes into a TTRPG session, but none of that hard work sees the light of day if you never actually get to run what you've prepared. With everything else you have to do, trying to figure out when everyone can actually get together to play can be incredibly frustrating and exhausting.

As a GM myself, I've experienced this firsthand. My goal with this app is to provide a simple, beautiful, but fool-proof tool to TTRPG players to take the hassle out of scheduling your next game.

## Visual Aid
![Concept for main page](<../Swords, Sorcery, Scheduling main page concept.png>)

## Minimum Viable Product & Key Features
At the very least, the application needs to be a clean, user-friendly calendar application. Users should be able to:
- Create and join group sessions.
- Use the interface to store and save date/time information in a remote database.
- Share that date/time information with other users in that session.
- Receive email updates/notifications for sessions they are a part of.

## Tech Stack
- React (frontend)
- Vite (frontend)
- MaterialUI (frontend)
- Typescript
- Express (backend)
- Supabase/postgres (backend)
- Jest (testing/backend)
- Postman (API/testing)
